# Library overview

Major progress thanks to dashcore-lib! A solid library that has proven to be
extremely easy to use.

# What we know so far

- Any number of connections can come from a single host. We will need to test
  this on testnet and mainnet, but as far as I can tell, a host can initiate
  several sessions from the same IP address. This means that a single host could
  potentially represent several coinjoin clients at once... each with their own
  socket representing their connection.
- The `dsi` message is where we're currently at. The flow goes:
  - connect to masternode
  - complete `version`/`verack` handshake
  - notify the masternode via `senddsq`
    - this lets the MN know we want to send coinjoin traffic
  - submit a `dsa` message
  - wait for `dsq` message
  - submit `dsi` message

# Utility scripts

I've created a script at `utils/denominate` which will handle a lot of the
hassles of sending denominations to many different wallets. In order to use this
script you will need to have setup your `~/bin/d*` scripts... i.e.: `~/bin/df`.
Those scripts actually should be in the `utils/` directory. I'll commit them
after this devblog is pushed, if they don't.

# Current challenges

- The `dsi` message requires the client to send equal numbers of inputs and
  outputs, along with collateral transactions. _This is where we're at_.

# Pitfalls

- I've seen situations where the masternode will charge the client for
  submitting incorrect or malformed data. I will create a document that details
  exactly where and how those situations can arise and what we can do about it.

# Possible concurrent work

## Browser side code

- At this point in time, it's possible to write some of the code that will be
  present in the browser and on the server. The following things can be worked
  on:
  - Importing a WIF
  - Creating and transmitting a collateral transaction
    - just take the code from `src/demodata.js`
    - it would essentially need to send `tx.uncheckedSerialize()` to a
      predefined **RELATIVE** url.
    - url can be hard-coded for now
  - Contacting a RESTful API endpoint to begin matchmaking
    - `POST /api/v1/matchmaking/session`
      - payload should include output of `tx.uncheckedSerialize()`
      - response will be a queue id
    - `GET /api/v1/matchmaking/session/{QUEUE_ID}`
      - `QUEUE_ID` is the response from `POST /api/v1/matchmaking/session`
      - response will be something like:
      ```
      {
        queue_id: <QQQQ>,
        status: "pending_connection|connected|waiting_for_queue|joined|mixing|cleanup|error-X",
        status_code: <NNNN>,
        error: "A|B|C|D",
        error_code: <EEEE>
      }
      ```
      - where `<QQQQ>` is a randomly generated queue id
      - where `<NNNN>` is an integral status code that corresponds to `status`
      - where `status` is one of many strings. `error-X` is TBD
      - where `error` is a string representing an error. it will likely be a
        sentence or phrase
      - where `error_code` is an integral error code corresponding to the
        `error`
      - `error` and `error_code` will only appear if `status` and `status_code`
        indicate an error condition
    - Rate-limiting middleware
      - The calling code must be mindful of a rate limiting middleware that will
        be active once the SDK is fully developed
      - users should expect a json payload described below should the client
        make too many requests
      - if a client is rate limited, the API endpoint will respond with an HTTP
        200 status code but with a JSON payload of:
      ```json
      {
      	"error": "rate-limited",
      	"error_code": -1
      }
      ```

# Document date

Tue Jun 13 07:29:40 UTC 2023
