# Library overview

A description of where we're at, what we've learned, and the road moving
forward.

# Purpose

A lot of the knowledge about this library and the masternode setup exists mostly
in my head. I'm using this file to serve as a dev blog of sorts. We're making
lots of progress and it would be terrible if none of it was documented. This
document also does not assume that organization of topics should be strictly
adhered to.

# How it started

Initially, I needed a masternode. Without the knowledge that I have now, I
hacked together pieces of the puzzle to make a hybrid full node/masternode. I
tested against this hybrid node until I ran into a snag: Deterministic
Masternode Lists.

# Deterministic Masternode Lists

When a masternode is spun up, it will parse the BLS private key and more or less
consult the blockchain for the "agreed upon" masternode list. This is a much
safer way to propagate masternode lists as it requires a rather large sum of
money (1k DASH) to get your masternode on that list. Mind you, this was done
using testnet.

When any coinjoin network traffic makes it's way to a masternode, the first
thing it does is attempts to fetch details about itself. It'll try to validate
that the masternode exists on the Deterministic Masternode List. If it doesn't,
coinjoin is utterly impossible, unless you make significant edits to the source
code to bypass it.

# Devnet to the rescue

It turns out that you can spin up a development full node. It's also possible to
spin up a development master node. The option to allow this is
`-devnet=yourNameHere`. Combine this with `-allowprivatenet=1`, and you can
actually have a cluster of nodes and masternodes that all communicate with each
other on a LAN.

# Current challenges

I've created a couple of nodes that attempt to act as a masternode. The
immediate work moving forward will be to verify that a valid devnet masternode
is responding to all coinjoin traffic we send to it. The end result will be a
cluster of nodes running on my LAN which communicate to each other on a devnet.
This will be the ultimate test of the code's correctness and will be the optimal
way to develop and test this library.

# Document date

Fri 26 May 2023 22:51:27 MDT
